C:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\obj\x86\Debug\Antiaris.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\obj\x86\Debug\Antiaris.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication.dll.config
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication.dll
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication.pdb
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Xact.dll
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\bin\Debug\ReLogic.dll
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\bin\Debug\tModLoader.exe
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\obj\x86\Debug\Antiaris.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsApplication.dll
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsApplication.pdb
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\bin\Debug\Antiaris.dll.config
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\bin\Debug\Antiaris.dll
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\bin\Debug\Antiaris.pdb
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\obj\x86\Debug\Antiaris.dll
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\obj\x86\Debug\Antiaris.pdb
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\bin\Debug\NVorbis.dll
c:\Users\zadum4ivii\Documents\my games\Terraria\ModLoader\Mod Sources\Antiaris\bin\Debug\Windows.dll
